Improve GitHub workflow guidance (#488)
ropensci/dev_guide: maintenance_collaboration.Rmd

If your problem is _recruiting_ collaborators, you can post an open call like Jim Hester's [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/jimhester_/status/997109466674819074), [GitHub](https://github.com/jimhester/lintr/issues/318), and as an rOpenSci package author, you can ask for help in rOpenSci slack and ask rOpenSci team for ideas for recruiting new collaborators.

### Working with collaborators (including yourself) {#git-workflow}

[Branches](https://happygitwithr.com/git-branches.html) are cheap. Use them extensively when developing features, testing out new ideas, fixing problems.

One of the branches is the default / main branch, where, if you follow [trunk-based development](https://www.atlassian.com/continuous-delivery/continuous-integration/trunk-based-development), you "merge small, frequent updates".
See also [GitHub flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow) and [GitLab flow](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/topics/gitlab_flow.html) docs.

> You might want to pair the frequent incrementing of version numbers (in `DESCRIPTION`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might want to frequently increment version numbers (in `DESCRIPTION`). 
```
